# 21 May

- For future ref:

  - PA0 - PA7, PB1 have AIN on the STM32F070F6P6

  - PB1 is LED

- Nevermind, probably going to stick with MCP3421 since INA219 is using I2C
  anyways, so we can't switch over to the STM32F070F6P6 completely. The ADS1118
  input impedance isn't very high as well (only around 2x of the MCP3421) and
  there's little to no use of the multiple inputs.

  I'd rather get 18 bits of resolution, and consistent I2C interface throughout
  so if we decide to use OLED or different LCD driver it would be compatible
  with both amp and volt ohm meter

- There is basically no documentation on the JY-xx BLE modules on youxin, and
  anyways 16 yuan is not too much so will probably go with the NRF51822. Has
  other GPIO and is more configurable so in the future if we need to change
  anything it'll be more versatile.

- Okay there are a few more issues with MCP3421, mainly that ohms can't be
  easily measured with one channel, I can make a constant current source but
  when the resistance measured gets too high it won't work anymore, its more
  difficult to implement switching in a constant current source compared to
  voltage divider.

  Because of this I'm looking towards stuff like INA199 where it's just a
  current shunt amplifier to output into an ADC which is SPI, then it can share
  bus with LCD driver. Also possible alternative ADCs where the input impedance
  is higher.

  - on youxin the best ADC alternatives are some analog devices ADCs, but all of
    them are quite ex. The cheapest ones (~20 yuan) all needed a lot of external
    configuration, eg there is no internal Vref for one of them, and all of them
    don't support pseudo differential inputs, and their Vref values are all
    really low which means full scale voltage is low as well.

    BUT one of them (AD7792) has a current source output which can be used for
    resistance so... hmm

    Although these are very expensive it may be a worthwile investment since the
    higher input impedance would allow us to use higher resistances which just
    makes the circuit less susceptible to fault and overvoltage since current
    flow is minimum

- nevermind while comparing differences between different analog devices ADCs I
  went to search up about what's a "ADC input buffer" and I just found the
  perfect solution to our problems: making an
  [op-amp follower to get over the low input impedance](https://www.eecs.tufts.edu/~dsculley/tutorial/opamps/opamps5.html).

  This is especially good since op amps can accept higher input voltage before
  dying, plus we get to increase the resistances so it will make our circuit
  really robust. Since the ADS1118 is 3 pseudo differential channels, we can
  also combine volt amp ohm meter together.

  Also, just realised we may be able to omit the current shunt amplifier since
  the op amp can act as an amplifier already... will need to research about
  accuracy and offsets and crap though, can probably refer to the EEVBlog
  uCurrent, he did a writeup on opamps for that.
