# 18 May

- Can't use a SMPS since dropout voltage is too high, can't use LM1117 as well
  for the same reason. Probably going with
  [RT9193](https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?spm=a1z10.3-c-s.w4002-21223910208.23.1ee86a4bjZQCSC&id=522574021262)
  with 300mA max out (more than enough) and low dropout of 220mV

- welps didn't really do much work for the past few days

- seems like both Adafruit and Sparkfun have A0 and A1 on INA219 set to gnd by
  default, going to follow that

- Going to include a DEBUG_TX and DEBUG_RX on the SWD sh debugging header even
  though we are going to try programming via usb

- Probably using
  [USB C 2.0 with 6p header](https://youxin-electronic.taobao.com/search.htm?orderType=&viewType=grid&keyword=usb+c+6p&lowPrice=&highPrice=).
  We can either use one which sinks into the board (cutout in PCB) or which sits
  on top.

- using this
  [clear fuse holder](https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?spm=a1z10.3-c-s.w4002-21223910208.10.40236a4b3Taszq&id=522572617282)

- For voltage, we need ~0.2, ~2, ~20. For mV and <2v range, no need resistor
  divider. for ~20v range, we can target ~1.9v (since max voltage is ~2) so we
  can use 10k and 100k resistor divider, input impedance is 2M, so there would
  be an error of 0.5% (since the 2M is in parallel with 10k) and full scale is
  ~1.8v

- since max differential input voltage is |3.3v| (power input) we need the zener
  to start clamping at 2v, and the PTC to trigger at a very low current. Taobao
  has a
  [0.05A PTC fuse](https://item.taobao.com/item.htm?spm=a1z10.3-c-s.w4002-21223910208.9.9bb46a4boZChqS&id=561283946109)

  - There are basically no low Vbeo NPN BJTs, so we can't really get clamp the
    voltage at 3.3v. An alternative is to use voltage divider even for lower
    voltages and set the PGA, but the input impedance will be really low.

  - [Others](https://github.com/jaromir-sukuba/micro_progmeter/blob/master/hw/6e.sch.pdf)
    get around this by using a 2-ch ADC, one to monitor the very rough input
    voltage to control the autoranging, then the other to actually measure the
    voltage.

- EDITEDITEDIT: I was so wrong the above project used a 2-ch ADC to measure
  resistance. But he did choose that ADC specifically because of its
  [high input impedance](https://hackaday.io/project/7988/log/27176-input-impedance-woes)
  because his input resistance was really high, probably also what saves his
  circuit at high voltages.

- I can get around the low input impedance since even with PGA at 8, input
  impedance is ~280k, I can use 1k and 10k resistor divider for total resistance
  of 11k, at 20V that's 1.8mA leakage which is more than good enough.

- but with PGA=8 full scale voltage is 250mV at ADC which means at input it is
  2.75V, so I'll probably need another range for mV, then the same problem
  arises again...

  - okay nevermind I think I'm going to dao mV range. Even at 12 bit, with PGA=8
    and full scale input at 2.75V, the resolution is very ~3mV, which is more
    than good enough for now...? And at 18 bit the resolution is even higher.

- to do:

  - Need to find zeners which clamp at ~20V

  - LCD display circuit

  - Current source for resistance
